Added description of behavior changes in automatic history recovery when client failover is enabled (#114)
osisoft/PI-Adapter: shared-content/configuration/history-recovery/automatic-history-recovery.md

## History recovery intervals

Automatic history intervals cannot be longer than four days. If an interval is longer than four days, the adapter automatically changes the start time of the interval to be no earlier than four days before the end time prior to starting a recovery. If a current outage lasts longer than four days, when the device status finally improves the adapter recovers up to four days before the current time. This avoids introducing additional data gaps.

## Behavior changes with client failover enabled

For adapters that support client failover, the automatic history recovery behavior is affected by whether or not you configure client failover for the running adapter instance. See [Client failover configuration](../client-failover.md) for configuring cilent failover on supported adapters. 

> - When client failover is disabled, the automatic history recovery works as described in [Automatic history recovery](#automatic-history-recovery) without any behavvior changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When client failover is disabled, the automatic history recovery works as described in [Automatic history recovery](#automatic-history-recovery) without any behavior changes.
```

> - When client failover is enabled, the automatic history recovery behave differently, as listed below.
>   - The tracking of **DeviceStatus**, creation of history recovery intervals and automatic data backfill only occur when the adapter is in `Primary` role. 
>   - The adapter does not track `Shutdown` of the adatper to create a new history recovery interval.
>   - The adapter with failover role changed from `Primary` to `Secondary` stops tracking all open intervals and close them all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When client failover is enabled, automatic history recovery is affected as listed below.
  - The tracking of **DeviceStatus**, creation of history recovery intervals and automatic data backfill only occurs when the adapter is in the `Primary` role. 
  - The adapter does not track the `Shutdown` of the adapter to create a new history recovery interval.
  - The adapter with its failover role changed from `Primary` to `Secondary` stops tracking all open intervals and closes them all.
```

Reviewer 2: From your modification suggestions, I have a few more that I'd like to suggest:
- The tracking of **DeviceStatus**, creation of history recovery intervals, and automatic data backfill only occur when the adapter is in the `Primary` role. _[changes made: added Oxford comma and removed the s in "occurs"]_
- The adapter does not track the `Shutdown` status of the adapter to create a new history recovery interval. _[changes made: added the term "status"]_
- The adapter, with its failover role changed from `Primary` to `Secondary`, stops tracking all open intervals and closes them all. _[changes made: added commas to separate out the behavior from causation]_

Reviewer 3: I like the suggestion! We might consider adding the following:
 - The adapter attempts to recover data for existing intervals only in the `Primary` role.
